E2e readme docs (#14434)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: README.md

Our e2e test suite can be run on either Firefox or Chrome. In either case, start by creating a test build by running `yarn build:test`.

- Firefox e2e tests can be run with `yarn test:e2e:firefox`.

> - Chrome e2e tests can be run with `yarn test:e2e:chrome`. For avoiding potential errors, it is recommended to have the last version installed. 
> Update the `chromedriver` package to a version matching your local Chrome installation to run e2e tests on newer Chrome versions.

Reviewer: This gives the impression that errors _might not_ happen if the versions don't match, but it reliably fails in that circumstance. It also assumes that `chromedriver` is _behind_ your local Chrome installation, but we've been pretty quick to update it lately so it ends up being _ahead_ of my local installation more often personally.

```suggestion
- Chrome e2e tests can be run with `yarn test:e2e:chrome`. The `chromedriver` package major version must match the major version of your local Chrome installation. If they don't match, update whichever is behind before running Chrome e2e tests.
```

Author: that's better, thank you!!
